Hi Michelle,

I hope things are going well for you and Ray in Pennsylvania! I actually lived there for a few years when I was younger. I dont have many memories of time there but the few I do are happy ones. 
Im sorry to bother you again with this, but I am not sure where to turn at this point. Sometime after the ranch closed, I approached Natalie again with how I felt. She took some time with it but instead of really just acknowleding how I felt, she tried to tell me why I was feeling that way. She told me I was just another hurt lost boy returned to the ranch who had fallen in love with her. I tried to explain that wasnt the case but eventually texted me back and explained she did not feel the same way. It was dissappointing for sure but not the end of the world. I continued to stay on at the ranch to keep helping her and Will out and just try to move on. It wasn't long after that things took quite a turn. 
It was quite subtle at first, but she began to push me away. Natalie had never been very good at asking me questions about myself, but it seemed like she completely gave up even trying. She began to disagree with me on everything even if it meant going back on her own words. She even began to actually put me down at times, belittling my own life experiences. It actually got to the point where I did not feel safe to be myself around her anymore. Our conversations rapidly deterioated and the only things she would talk about with me anymore were horses, her dog Annie, and Austyn. Then things got worse. 
Austyn sent me a fairly hostile text asking me to stay away from him since he did not want anything to do with Natalie or anyone associated with her. He also said that he was concerned I was spying on him for her. This lead to a conversation between Natalie and myself during which she launched into an hour and half monologue about Austyn and her relationship with him. She compared her and Austyn to several other married couples on the ranch and said they would probably have been married by now if things had not gone astray and even though she said she did not want to be with him, it sounds like they almost started dating again before she came back to the ranch. She then finished her soliloquy by saying she was still in love with him. She then turned hostile towards me. At one point I texted her and said I wouldnt be able to make to the ranch one week. When my plans changed and I showed up - she greeted me by saying: "I thought you said you weren't going to be here". Little friendly courtesies, such as: "Hello", "Have a safe drive" etc completely dissappeared. It began to feel as though she was actively avoiding asking me anything about myself and the only time she approached me for a conversation was when she didnt have anyone else to listen to her.
Both of my sisters who have been in very similar situations to Natalie and Austyn encouraged me to really create some distance between me and her as they felt I was being manipulated as she clearly is not over Austyn yet. So I began to try and distance myself from her. And it had really started to feel as though she really just didn't care about me in any capacity, or as though she was even remotely interested in me as a person.
Things have recently deterioated even further. She recently sold my horse, the one I worked with and trained as a boy and did not tell me about it. I had to ask Will where my horse was and only then did Natalie say anything. 
Im really lost now and dont know what to do. I feel like the focal point for a ton of animosity that I did nothing to earn. Maybe I am not without error, but I really dont know what it could be. All I have tried to do was express myself, be a friend and support her as best I can and it feels like all I have gotten is contempt. I fear she think I am upset with her because she said was not interested but that just isnt the case. I am upset with her, though its because of the way I feel she has been treating me. Ive tried opening some lanes for communication but nothing has come of it.  
Now I only have a few weeks left at the ranch and so maybe its best to leave it alone completely. But I just dont feel right about leaving things as they are. What had been at the very least a friendship I was very grateful to have has now turned into a hurtful relationship. If there is something I have done to earn this contempt I would like to know. At the same time though if its just contempt for contempts sake, than I just want to be done and away with it as quickly as possible. 
To be clear, I am dissappointed she sold my horse to someone else but it sounds like she went to a good home. I am upset that she didnt tell me. As though she couldnt be bothered to tell me this kind of a big deal happened. When I tried to express this to her, she just scoffed and fell silent. As a point of contrast, Will (who I am not even that close to) made me dinner because he knew I was having a bad day. Natalie could not even look me in the  eye. 
I am also not trying to judge her for not being over Austyn yet. Everyone has their own timetables. It took me 8 years to get over a girl from high school. But it seems like she does not want to move on as she quite literally cant stop talking about him. 
Im trying to keep an open mind and empthize with her, but I feel all I have gotten from her in the past few months is indiffernce at best, and contempt at the worst. 